---
description: Pending
---

# v4.4.20

## Common

<table><thead><tr><th width="157">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Security</td><td><p>As part of our ongoing commitment to product security and stability, we've implemented several improvements in this release:</p><ul><li>Remove occasional email notification errors for recommendation alerts in App Designer by upgrading Hangfire from 1.8.12 to 1.8.18.</li><li>Support encryption in the SQL Agents. See <a href="v4.4.20.md#integrations">Integrations</a>.</li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table>

## Integrations

### Agents

<table><thead><tr><th width="129">Change Type</th><th width="250">Name</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td><a href="https://xmpro.gitbook.io/azure-sql">Azure SQL Listener v5.52<br>Azure SQL Context Provider v5.52<br>Azure SQL Action Agent v5.52</a></td><td>Support encryption (<a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.data.sqlclient.sqlconnectionstringbuilder.trustservercertificate">TrustServerCertificate</a>) in the connection string., resolved a connection string vulnerability, and improved error messages.</td></tr><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td><a href="https://xmpro.gitbook.io/sql-server">SQL Server Listener v5.52<br>SQL Server Context Provider v5.52<br>SQL Server Action Agent v5.52</a></td><td>Support encryption (<a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.data.sqlclient.sqlconnectionstringbuilder.trustservercertificate">TrustServerCertificate</a>) in the connection string., resolved a connection string vulnerability, and improved error messages.</td></tr><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td><a href="https://xmpro.gitbook.io/transpose/">Transpose Transformation v1.12</a></td><td>Simplified the common pattern where all transposed columns have the same target name and value.</td></tr><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td><a href="https://xmpro.gitbook.io/union/">Union Transformation v1.08</a></td><td>Support null padding for columns that are not common across all incoming data sets.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Data Stream Designer

<table><thead><tr><th width="157">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Fix</td><td><em>A colleague shared a link to their Data Stream. When I opened it, the title was missing and some buttons were disabled.</em><br>When a user navigates to a URL for a Data Stream to which they don't have access, they are redirected to the landing page with an error "Data Stream was not found." </td></tr></tbody></table>

## Subscription Manager

<table><thead><tr><th width="157">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Fix</td><td><em>I haven't signed in yet and I can see there is a message, but it is covered by the language selection.</em><br>The <a href="../how-tos/manage-site-settings.md#global-notification">global notification</a> is no longer covered by the language selection tool (added in <a href="v4.4.14.md#common">v4.4.14</a>).</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Stream Host

<table><thead><tr><th width="157">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Fix</td><td><em>I tried a docker Stream Host, but the value in my environment variable "my database url" was not used.</em><br>Spaces in environment variable names are now supported for Stream Host Containers.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## NuGet Packages

### Agent Development

No changes to XMPro.XMIoT.Framework.

### Connector Development

No changes to XMPro.Integration.Framework, XMPro.Integration.Helpers, or XMPro.Integration.Settings.
