---
description: Pending
---

# v4.4.21

## Integrations

### Agents

If you're using either of the SQL Connectors v2.0, v2.01, or v2.10, we recommend upgrading to v2.20 if you're experiencing performance degradation.

<table><thead><tr><th width="129">Change Type</th><th width="250">Name</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>New</td><td><a href="https://xmpro.gitbook.io/lemonade">Lemonade GenAI Agent v1.00</a></td><td>Leverage locally running LLMs.</td></tr><tr><td>Enhancement</td><td><a href="https://xmpro.gitbook.io/aggregate">Aggregate Transformation v3.16</a></td><td>Support Count Distinct Excluding Nulls.</td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td><a href="https://xmpro.gitbook.io/azure-sql-connector">Azure SQL Connector v2.20</a></td><td>Repackaged to improve performance.</td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td><a href="https://xmpro.gitbook.io/sql-server-connector">SQL Server Connector v2.20</a></td><td>Repackaged to improve performance.</td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td><a href="https://xmpro.gitbook.io/tsa-sql-server-connector/">TSA SQL Server Connector v2.20</a></td><td>Repackaged to improve performance.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## App Designer

<table><thead><tr><th width="157">Change Type</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Fix</td><td><em>In v4.4.7, I can't configure a data source to use my stored procedure due to an error that the primary key is required.</em><br>Data sources for stored procedures without a select statement will not require a primary key.</td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td><em>In v4.4.17, when I change the date range on my</em> <a href="../blocks-toolbox/visualizations/time-series-analysis.md#time-series-analysis-properties"><em>timeseries analysis</em></a><em>, the markers I placed lose their data value label.</em><br>Markers stay visible, along with their value.</td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td><em>In v4.4.18, when I view a</em> <a href="../blocks-toolbox/basic/data-grid.md#data-grid-properties"><em>Data Grid</em></a> <em>at runtime, the datetimes stored as UTC are not converted to my local time zone.</em><br>The Data Grid converts UTC datetime values to user's local time zone.</td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td><em>When a new level of business role was added, I can no longer see recommendation alerts for my "grandparent" business role.</em><br>A user belonging to any child business role will have run access to recommendation alerts of the parent business role.</td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td><p><em>In v4.4.16, the Chart Block's</em> <a href="../blocks-toolbox/visualizations/chart.md#orientation"><em>Orientation</em></a> <em>drop-down is empty.</em></p><p>The Chart's Orientation drop-down contains options for Vertical and Horizontal.</p></td></tr><tr><td>Fix</td><td><em>In v4.4.16, when defining the Color for a chart</em> <a href="../blocks-toolbox/visualizations/chart.md#data-series"><em>series</em></a><em>, I no longer have the option to choose a value from the data source.</em><br>For a Chart Block with a data source bound, the Series Setting's Color dropdown allows selecting of variables, parameter or columns from the bound data source.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Stream Host

<table><thead><tr><th width="160.111083984375">Change Type</th><th>Title</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Fix</td><td><em>In v4.4.20, my Stream Host shows a fatal error when I accidentally used the wrong username in my SQL User variable and published a data stream that included an agent that uses the variable.</em><br>The stream host will not be affected by an incorrect variable value.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## NuGet Packages

### Agent Development

No changes to XMPro.XMIoT.Framework.

### Connector Development

No changes to XMPro.Integration.Framework, XMPro.Integration.Helpers, or XMPro.Integration.Settings.
